MC-10842 : Added swift api documentation draft (#111)
cloudops/cloudmc-api-docs: source/includes/swift/_containers.md

   "https://cloudmc_endpoint/v1/services/swift/example/buckets/private"

# The above command returns JSON structured like this:
```

```json
{
  "id": "private",
  "name": "private",
  "isPublic": false,
  "displaySize": {
    "value": "0",
    "unitKey": "units.filesizes.B"
  },
  "size": 0,
  "objectCount": 0,
  "accessType": "private",
  "locked": false,
  "storagePolicy": "Quebec"
}
```

<code>GET /services/<a href="#administration-service-connections">:service_code</a>/<a href="#administration-environments">:environment_name</a>/buckets/:id</code>

Retrieve a container in a given [environment](#administration-environments)

Attributes | &nbsp;
------- | -----------
`id` <br/>*string* | The id of the container 
`name` <br/>*string* | The name of the container
`isPublic`<br/>*boolean* | Specifies if the container is public or not
`displaySize`<br/>*Object* | Object containing the information to display the size in the UI.
`size`<br/>*string* | The size in bytes of the container
`objectCount`<br/>*string* | The number of object which are part of the container
`accessType`<br/>*string* | The access type of the container. It can either be public or private

> `locked`<br/>*string* | Identify if the container is locked or not.

Reviewer: This is a little confusing, is this supposed to be a boolean as in the above example?
if it is, maybe something like "Specifies if the container is locked or not"

Author: forgot to change it. will do

Author: f47db080986d4eed0065f2b048c24c5faeafb7be

`storePolicy`<br/>*string* | The store policy applying to the container.

<!-------------------- CREATE A CONTAINER -------------------->

#### Create a container

```shell
curl -X POST \
   -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
   -H "MC-Api-Key: your_api_key" \
   -d "request_body" \
   "https://cloudmc_endpoint/v1/services/swift/example/buckets"

# Request example:
```

```json
{
  "name": "newBucket",
  "isPublic": true
}
```

<code>POST /services/<a href="#administration-service-connections">:service_code</a>/<a href="#administration-environments">:environment_name</a>/buckets</code>

Create a new container

Required | &nbsp;∂===
------- | -----------

> `name` <br/>*string* | The name of the container. It cannot exceed 256 characters and cannot contain '/'

Reviewer: Do we want to end this with a period for consistency

Author: will fix

Author: f47db080986d4eed0065f2b048c24c5faeafb7be

------- | -----------
`isPublic`<br/>*boolean* | Specifies if the container is public or private. The default value is false.

<!-------------------- DELETE A CONTAINER -------------------->

#### Delete a container

```shell
curl -X DELETE \
   -H "MC-Api-Key: your_api_key" \
   "https://cloudmc_endpoint/v1/services/swift/example/buckets/containerToDelete"
```

<code>DELETE /services/<a href="#administration-service-connections">:service_code</a>/<a href="#administration-environments">:environment_name</a>/buckets/:id</code>

Delete an existing container

<!-------------------- RENAME CONTAINER -------------------->

#### Rename a container

Rename the container to a new name.

```shell
curl -X POST \
   -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
   -H "MC-Api-Key: your_api_key" \
   -d "request_body" \
   "https://cloudmc_endpoint/v1/services/swift/example/buckets/containerToRename?operation=rename"

# Request example:
```

```json
{
  "name": "newContainerName"
}
```

<code>POST /services/<a href="#administration-service-connections">:service_code</a>/<a href="#administration-environments">:environment_name</a>/buckets/:id?operation=rename</code>

<aside class="notice">

> Renaming does not exists in SWIFT. It consists of a creation of a new container, a copy of all objects in this new container and the delete of the old container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renaming does not exist in SWIFT. It instead consists of the creation of a new container, a copy of all objects into this new container, and the deletion of the old container.
```

Author: will apply. thx

Author: f47db080986d4eed0065f2b048c24c5faeafb7be
